Mini Group Assignment
For this week's group assignment, meet with your group members and submit a status report as a markdown file in your group repo. This will simply be graded as a "done" or "not done" and count towards your participation grade.
Instructions
Include the following sections:
Project title and link to proposal
Cooling Resources in LA 
Roles: Give each team member a title, and define what role each team member will play, and how each person plans to contribute to the project. While this may be subject to change, it is a good idea to define this early in the project to clarify "who is doing what."
Mia - 
Data: Racial profile ; cooling centers 
Project Role: Data exploration Coding/filtering data, Merging data 
Zixuan
Data :  Rent, Income ; 
Project Role: Data exploration, template/color scheme for presentation
Cailyn 
Data: Tree data, education ; 
Project Role: Data exploration, Group Repo manager, Powerpoint presentation design
Sienna 
Data: Age profile (w3), FEMA or EJ screening 
Project Role: Data exploration, research / context (prior literature)
Status update: Report on the general mood of the team, and provide details as to what is working, and what is not.
Appreciate the feedback provided by Chris. Group communication and delegation has been clear among team members. Excited to start piecing together a cohesive story regarding extreme heat and solutions that could be proposed. Group members are still gaining comfortability with coding, specifically sorting through data and missing values. 
Data update: Provide a short narrative on where you are with the data sources you will incorporate in your project. Provide links as necessary.
Cailyn 
Street Tree Data :https://geohub.lacity.org/datasets/266c6255b1fc4ae8b8f100d8696e1fa4_0
Sienna
Vulnerability (EJ Screening or FEMA Index)
FEMA's National Risk Index map and Data Download to download various climate-related social vulnerability data: https://hazards.fema.gov/nri/
The EPA's EJScreening Tool has interest variables by census tract too related to health and race/ethnicity: https://www.epa.gov/ejscreen/download-ejscreen-data 
Mia
Cooling centers in LA County GIS data https://geohub.lacity.org/maps/lahub::cooling-and-warming-centers/explore
Zixuan 
Selected Housing characteristics with year structure built, rental vacancy rates, rent, and gross rent as percentage of income (filter by all tracts within Los Angeles County): https://data.census.gov/table/ACSSDP1YCD1192023.DP04?q=DP04:%20Selected%20Housing%20Characteristics 
Concerns: There should be a lot to be concerned about at this phase of the project. List those concerns and classify them as "Major concerns" and/or "Minor concerns."
Major - determine ways to merge the datasets 
Major - determine which dependent variable to explore (tree cover, cooling centers, or other vulnerability index indicators) 
Minor - determine which independent variables to explore (race, income, rent, education, etc.) 
Minor - determine which maps and charts to produce 
3 Maps
Map 1 - location of cooling resources or vulnerability index for extreme heat
Map 2 - Census data + proximity to cooling centers
Map 3 - Census data + tree canopy coverage
2 Charts 
Chart 1 - Top 10 Census tracts with highest vulnerability to extreme heat 
Chart 2 - Top 10 Census tracts with highest count of cooling centers / tree coverage
Chart 3 - Top 10 Census tracts with lowest count of cooling centers / tree coverage
Chart 4 - Highest income census tracts vs lowest income census tracts 
